{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2500;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs20 @ARTICLE\{544662,\par
author=\{Kogan, V.I. and Roeger, C.J. and Tipton, D.E.\},\par
journal=\{Power Systems, IEEE Transactions on\}, title=\{Substation distribution transformers failures and spares\},\par
year=\{1996\},\par
month=nov,\par
volume=\{11\},\par
number=\{4\},\par
pages=\{1905 -1912\},\par
abstract=\{Electric utilities should have a sufficient number of spare transformers to backup substation distribution transformers to replace transformers that fail and require factory rebuild or replacement. To identify such a number, the statistical methodology was developed to analyze available failure data for different groups of transformer. That methodology enables the estimation of future numbers of failures with associated probabilities, recommends the proper number of spares, identifies the necessity and shows the means to shorten the transformer's replacement time\},\par
keywords=\{failure data analysis;failure probabilities;spare transformers;statistical methodology;substation distribution transformers;transformer repair;transformer replacement;transformers failures;distribution networks;failure analysis;probability;statistical analysis;transformer substations;\},\par
doi=\{10.1109/59.544662\},\par
ISSN=\{0885-8950\},\}\par
\par
\par
@ARTICLE\{772337,\par
author=\{Li, W. and Vaahedi, E. and Mansour, Y.\},\par
journal=\{Power Delivery, IEEE Transactions on\}, title=\{Determining number and timing of substation spare transformers using a probabilistic cost analysis approach\},\par
year=\{1999\},\par
month=jul,\par
volume=\{14\},\par
number=\{3\},\par
pages=\{934 -939\},\par
abstract=\{Compared to the N-1 security design principle in each substation, common spare transformers shared by multiple substations can avoid considerable capital expenditure and still assure a sufficient reliability level. Using common spare transformers has been already a practice of some electric utilities in distribution substation transformer planning. This paper presents a probabilistic approach to determining the number and timing of spare transformers shared in a substation group. The proposed approach is based on the aging failure model of transformers, the overall reliability analysis and the probabilistic damage cost model for a substation group, the capital cost model for spares and the present value method. The spare transformer scheme obtained using the presented approach provides both cost efficiency and sufficient reliability. A single transformer substation group in a nonurban region is given as an application example to illustrate the procedure of the method\},\par
keywords=\{N-1 security design principle;distribution substation transformer planning;electric utilities;power system maintenance planning;probabilistic cost analysis approach;reliability level;substation spare transformers;ageing;costing;electricity supply industry;maintenance engineering;power distribution economics;power distribution planning;power distribution reliability;transformer substations;\},\par
doi=\{10.1109/61.772337\},\par
ISSN=\{0885-8977\},\}\par
\par
\par
@ARTICLE\{131121,\par
author=\{Nahman, J.M. and Tubic, D.\},\par
journal=\{Power Delivery, IEEE Transactions on\}, title=\{Optimal sparing strategy for substation components\},\par
year=\{1991\},\par
month=apr,\par
volume=\{6\},\par
number=\{2\},\par
pages=\{633 -639\},\par
abstract=\{A method is proposed to optimize the number of spare items of substation components which have to be stored at the beginning of each year throughout a planning period. This sparing policy is conceived to provide the minimum total cost consisting of investment and load curtailment costs. The method uses the Hooke amp; Jeeves direct search optimization approach. Analysis performed for two typical substation arrangements clearly shows that the application of the proposed optimization method can substantially decrease the total cost. The comparison of different sparing concepts for substation components indicates that the substation costs are substantially sparing-sensitive, particularly if the power supply redundancy is limited and the cost per kilowatthour not served is high\},\par
keywords=\{Hooke amp; Jeeves direct search optimization;investment;load curtailment costs;minimum total cost;optimal sparing strategy;planning period;power supply redundancy;substation components;optimisation;substations;\},\par
doi=\{10.1109/61.131121\},\par
ISSN=\{0885-8977\},\}\par
\par
\par
@ARTICLE\{103821,\par
author=\{Hodges, N.W.\},\par
journal=\{Power Engineering Journal\}, title=\{Spares strategies for transformers and transmission plant\},\par
year=\{1990\},\par
month=jul,\par
volume=\{4\},\par
number=\{4\},\par
pages=\{183 -188\},\par
abstract=\{The author outlines the spares strategies which have been adopted for generator transformers and transmission plant. Applications in respect to transmission transformers, switchgear and circuit and other substation equipment are described. The mutual advantages arising from sharing arrangements and co-operation on the basis of these strategies by the United Kingdom mainland generating boards is noted\},\par
keywords=\{United Kingdom;generator transformers;spares strategies;substation equipment;switchgear;transmission plant;electric generators;power transformers;substations;switchgear;transmission networks;\},\par
doi=\{\},\par
ISSN=\{0950-3366\},\}\par
\par
\par
@INPROCEEDINGS\{592999,\par
author=\{Adel Metaweh, M.\},\par
booktitle=\{Circuits and Systems, 1996., IEEE 39th Midwest symposium on\}, title=\{A cost-reliability model with spares in electric power systems\},\par
year=\{1996\},\par
month=aug,\par
volume=\{3\},\par
number=\{\},\par
pages=\{1057 -1060 vol.3\},\par
abstract=\{The three-phase electric power system can be considered as a triple system since it includes within its different sections three similar components of certain items. These items may be transformers, rectifiers, thyristors. protection equipment...etc. In order to achieve a certain reliability level for this system, it is also necessary to include spares in the system for each item and this will bring about an increase in the cost. This paper presents the design issue for the optimal number of spare units in a triple section including faults due to common-cause failure. Two main problems are tackled in this paper: the first is how to minimize the average total system cost, subject to a certain reliability level, for different values of failure and repair rates; the second is how to maximize the system reliability with imperfect coverage and common cause failure included. Application and a numerical example illustrate the results which are compared with the results obtained from other triple systems\},\par
keywords=\{average total system cost;common-cause failure;cost-reliability model;failure rate;imperfect coverage;reliability level;repair rate;spare units;system reliability;three-phase electric power system;economics;failure analysis;power system reliability;redundancy;\},\par
doi=\{10.1109/MWSCAS.1996.592999\},\par
ISSN=\{\},\}\par
\par
\par
@article\{Mijailovic2010987,\par
title = "Optimal spares availability strategy for power transformer components",\par
journal = "Electric Power Systems Research",\par
volume = "80",\par
number = "8",\par
pages = "987 - 992",\par
year = "2010",\par
note = "",\par
issn = "0378-7796",\par
doi = "DOI: 10.1016/j.epsr.2010.01.002",\par
url = "http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/B6V30-4Y718XY-2/2/cafabff3abf6679b92aa8d53f72244d4",\par
author = "Vladica Mijailovic",\par
keywords = "Power transformer",\par
keywords = "Spare parts",\par
keywords = "Refurbishment",\par
keywords = "Failure renewal cost",\par
keywords = "Capital cost",\par
keywords = "Load curtailment cost",\par
abstract = "\par
The paper suggests a method to optimize the spare amount of power transformer components. The proposed strategy is conceived to provide minimum annual cost consisting of expected failures renewal cost, capital cost for spares and load curtailment cost. The method identifies minor and major failures. Minor failures are repairable, while major failures can be repairable or unrepairable. Power transformer is a complex system, consisting of six components (functional parts). It is assumed that each component has two independent, competing failure modes: wear-out failure mode, modelled by two-parameter Weibull distribution, and a chance failure mode, characterized by an exponential distribution. The application of the method suggested and the benefits it provides are demonstrated for one transformer station (TS) 110/x\~kV/kV with 2\~\'d7\~31.5\~MVA transformers. In addition, the influence of performing power transformer refurbishment on expected total cost has also been analyzed."\par
\}\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 